{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;\red109\green109\blue109;
\red83\green83\blue83;\red255\green255\blue255;\red107\green0\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;
\cssrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c50196\c0\c50196;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\title Xavier Parent}
{\doccomm Xavier Parent | research associate in the ICR group, University of Luxembourg}
{\author renaud@3points.fr}
{\keywords xavier parent, philosophy, philosophy of norms, deontic logic, individual and collective reasoning, ICR, luxembourg}}\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/xavpar/Documents/site/xavierparent.co.uk/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b\fs48 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Xavier Parent}}
\f1\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 x.parent.xavier||gmail.com\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I am a senior postdoctoral researcher, working as Principal Investigator in the project \'93Axiomatizing normative conditional reasoning\'94 (ANCoR) funded by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.fwf.ac.at/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 FWF}} (Austrian Science Fund) under the Lisa Meitner programme, and hosted at the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://informatics.tuwien.ac.at/orgs/e192"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Institute of Logic and Computation}} of the Faculty of Informatics at TU Wien, within A. Ciabattoni's {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.logic.at/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Theory and Logic}} research group. \
\
I took the PhD degree from the University of Aix-Marseille I, France. After that, I worked as a research associate at the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.kcl.ac.uk/nms/depts/informatics/index.aspx"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Department of Computer Science}} of the King's College London, UK, and subsequently at the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://wwwen.uni.lu/recherche/fstm/dcs"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Computer Science Department}} of the University of Luxembourg. \
I am a co-editor of the two volumes of the 
\f2\i Handbook of Deontic Logic and Normative Systems
\f0\i0 , and a co-author of the textbook 
\f2\i Introduction to Deontic Logic and Normative Systems
\f0\i0  . I was the general conference chair of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://2018.ruleml-rr.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 RuleML+RR 2018 }}and a PC co-chair of DEON 2014. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 My CV is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/cv-xav-final29Jan.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 here}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6000\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth892\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth680\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth680\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth892\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth680\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth680\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth892\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.collegepublications.co.uk/handbooks/?00005"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \strokec3 }}\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.collegepublications.co.uk/handbooks/?00001"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \strokec3 \
}}\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.collegepublications.co.uk/TLR/?00001"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \strokec3 }}\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 Area of specialization\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8804\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Logic, with a special emphasis on normative reasoning (deontic, conditional logic). \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 Textbook\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 With L. van der Torre 
\f2\i Introduction to Deontic Logic and Normative Systems
\f0\i0 , College Publications, 2018. Link to publisher's {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.collegepublications.co.uk/TLR/?00001"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 homepage}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 Co-editions\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 With D. Gabbay, J. Horty, R. van der Meyden, and L. van der Torre (eds), 
\f2\i Handbook of Deontic Logic and Normative Systems
\f0\i0 , Volume 2, College Publications, UK, 2021. Link to publisher's {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://collegepublications.co.uk/handbooks/?00005"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 homepage}}. Available from both amazon UK and amazon US. \
With C. Benzm\'fcller and F. Ricca (guest editors), Special Issue on Logic Rules and Reasoning: Selected Papers from the 2nd International Joint Conference on Rules and Reasoning (RuleML+RR 2018),
\f2\i  Journal of Theory and Practice of Logic Programming 
\f0\i0 , volume 21, number 1, pp. 1--3, 2021. \
With J. Meheus (guest editors), Special issue: deontic modalities in natural language (selected and revised papers from the 12th International Conference on Deontic Logic and Normative Systems, DEON 2014), 
\f2\i Journal of Logic and Computation
\f0\i0 , Vol. 29, Issue 3, 2019.\
With C. Benzm\'fcller, F. Ricca and D. Roman (eds.), 
\f2\i Rules and Reasoning, Second International Joint Conference, RuleML+RR 2018
\f0\i0 , Luxembourg, Luxembourg, September 18-21, 2018, Proceedings, (Springer, Lecture Notes in Computer Science, volume 11092, 2018. \
With F. Cariani, D. Grossi and J. Meheus (eds). 
\f2\i Deontic Logic and Normative Systems
\f0\i0 , 12th International Conference, DEON 2014, Ghent, Belgium, July 12-15, 2014. Proceedings. Lecture Notes in Computer Science Volume 8554, Springer, 2014. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://link.springer.com/book/10.1007%2F978-3-319-08615-6"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 ToC}}. \
With D. Gabbay, J. Horty, R. van der Meyden, and L. van der Torre (eds), 
\f2\i Handbook of Deontic Logic and Normative Systems
\f0\i0 , Volume 1, College Publications, UK, 2013. Link to publisher's {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://collegepublications.co.uk/handbooks/?00001"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 homepage}}. Available from both amazon UK and amazon US. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 Keynote talk\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/abstract-deon2016.txt"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Preference-based semantics for dyadic deontic logics in Hansson's tradition: a survey of axiomatisation results}}. Invited talk at DEON 2016, organized by O. Roy, A. Tamminga and M. Willer, Bayreuth, Germany, July 18-21, 2016. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 Articles\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 With A. Ciabattoni and N. Olivetti. ``Dyadic obligations: Proofs and countermodels via hypersequents". PRIMA 2022. 2023, Springer, Volume 13753
\f3 \cf5 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 . 
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
''On some weakenings of transitivity in the logic of norms (extended abstract)". In O. Arieli, G. Casini and L. Giordano (eds), 
\f2\i NMR 2022 : International Workshop on Non-Monotonic Reasoning
\f0\i0  (associated with FLoc and KR 2022), 7-8 August 2022, Haifa, Israel, CEUR-WS, vol. 3197, pp. 147-150. \cf7 \strokec7 (Open access via publisher-provided {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ceur-ws.org/Vol-3197/short3.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 link}}){\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \strokec3 }}\cf2 \strokec2  This work is licensed under a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License}} \
With C. Benzmueller, ''Automated verification of deontic correspondences in Isabelle/HOL \'96 first results", 
\f2\i ARQNL 2022, Automated Reasoning in Quantified Non-Classical Logics
\f0\i0 , 4th International Workshop (associated with FLoC and IJCAR 2022), 11 August 2022, Haifa, Israel. \cf7 \strokec7 (Open access via publisher-provided link \cf2 \strokec2 (soon). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \strokec3 }} This work is licensed under a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License}} \
With A. Ciabattoni and G. Sartor. ``A Kelsean deontic logic". In E. Schweighofer (Ed.), 
\f2\i Legal Knowledge and Information Systems 
\f0\i0 (Jurix 2021), IO Press, 2021, pp. 141 - 150. \cf7 \strokec7 (Open access via publisher-provided {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ebooks.iospress.nl/volumearticle/58543"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 link}})\cf2 \strokec2  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \strokec3 }} This work is licensed under a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License}} \
With C. Benzm\'fcller and L. van der Torre. ``Designing normative theories of ethical reasoning" (extended abstract and poster, journal paper track). Presented at the 
\f2\i 30th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence, IJCAI 2021.
\f0\i0 \
``Preference semantics for Hansson-type dyadic deontic logic: a survey of results". In D. Gabbay, J. Horty, X. Parent, R. van der Meyden, L. van der Torre (eds), 
\f2\i Handbook of Deontic Logic and Normative Systems
\f0\i0 , Volume 2, College Publications, UK, 2021, p. 7-70.\
With M. Olszewski and L. van der Torre. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/deon20.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 ``Input/output logics with a consistency check--the case of permission"}}. In: F. Liu, A. Marra, P. Portner, and F. Van De Putte (eds.). 
\f2\i Deontic Logic and Normative Systems: 15th International Conference
\f0\i0  (DEON2020/2021, Munich). London: College Publications, 2021, . \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/xp-v2.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 ``A modal translation of an intuitionistic I/O operation"}}. In V. de Paiva and S. Artemov (eds.), 
\f2\i IfColog
\f0\i0 , Volume 8, Number 8, Special Issue: Intuitionistic Modal Logic and Applications, September 2021, pp. 2350-2362. \
With C. Benzm\'fcller and A. Farjami, ``{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.13140/RG.2.2.35175.88487"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Dyadic deontic logic in HOL: faithful embedding and meta-theoretical experiments}}", Chapter in 
\f2\i New Developments in Legal Reasoning and Logic: From Ancient Law to Modern Legal Systems
\f0\i0  (Matthias Armgardt, Hans Christian Nordtveit Kvernenes, Shahid Rahman, eds.), Springer Nature Switzerland AG, Logic, Argumentation & Reasoning, volume 23, 2021. \
With C. Benzm\'fcller and L. van der Torre, "Designing normative theories of ethical reasoning: formal framework, methodology, and tool support". 
\f2\i Artificial Intelligence
\f0\i0 , volume 287, pp. 103348, 2020. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/abs/1903.10187"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Preprint}}. Isabelle/HOL theory files available on GitHub at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.logikey.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 http://www.logikey.org}}\
\
With C. Benzm\'fcller, A. Farjami, D. Fuenmayor, P. Meder, X. Parent, A. Steen, L. van der Torre and V. Zahoransky. " {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2352340920312919?via%3Dihub"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 LogiKEy workbench: deontic logics, logic combinations and expressive ethical and legal reasoning (Isabelle/HOL dataset)}}", In 
\f2\i Data in Brief
\f0\i0 , Elsevier, volume 33, number 106409, pp. 1-10, 2020. (Note: data publication) \
With C. Benzm\'fcller and A. Farjami, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/eHOL.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 ``\'c5qvist's dyadic deontic logic E in HOL"}}, 
\f2\i Journal of Applied Logics -- IfCoLoG Journal of Logics and their Applications
\f0\i0  (Special Issue on Reasoning for Legal AI) (Laura Alonso Alemany, Guillermo Simari, Leon van der Torre, eds.), volume 6, number 5, pp. 733--755, 2019 \
With C. Benzm\'fcller, A. Farjami and P. Meder, ``I/O logic in HOL", 
\f2\i Journal of Applied Logics -- IfCoLoG Journal of Logics and their Applications
\f0\i0  (Special Issue on Reasoning for Legal AI) (Laura Alonso Alemany, Guillermo Simari, Leon van der Torre, eds.), volume 6, number 5, pp. 715--732, 2019 \
With C. Benzm\'fcller and F. Ricca, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://aaai.org/ojs/index.php/aimagazine/article/view/2888"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 ``Report on the Second International Joint Conference on Rules and Reasoning}} (RuleML+RR 2018)", 
\f2\i AI Magazine
\f0\i0 , volume 40, number 2, pp. 73--74, 2019 \
With C. Benzm\'fcller and A. Farjami, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/article-final.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 ``Faithful semantic embedding of a dyadic deontic logic in HOL"}}. In 
\f2\i Deontic Logic and Normative Systems --- 14th International Conference
\f0\i0 , DEON 2018, Utrecht, The Netherlands, 3-6 July, 2018 (Jan Broersen, Cleo Condoravdi, Shyam Nair, Gabriella Pigozzi, eds.), College Publications, pp. 33-50, 2018. (
\f1\b John-Jules Meyer Best Paper Award
\f0\b0 ). \
With L. van der Torre, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/paper.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 ``Input/output logics with a consistency check"}}. In 
\f2\i Deontic Logic and Normative Systems --- 14th International Conference
\f0\i0 , DEON 2018, Utrecht, The Netherlands, 3-6 July, 2018 (Jan Broersen, Cleo Condoravdi, Shyam Nair, Gabriella Pigozzi, eds.), College Publications, 2018. \
With Z. Baniasadi, M. Cramer and C. Max, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/hci08.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 ``A model for regulating ethical preferences in machine ethics"}}, Kurosu, Masaaki (ed.), 
\f2\i Human-Computer Interaction. Theories, Methods, and Human Issues
\f0\i0 , 2018, Springer International Publishing, p.481-506. (
\f1\b Best Paper Award
\f0\b0 ). \
With C. Benzm\'fcller and L. van der Torre, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/C69.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 ``A deontic logic reasoning infrastructure"}}. In: R. Miller, D. Nowotka and F. Manea (eds), 
\f2\i 14th Conference on Computability in Europe
\f0\i0 , CiE 2018, Kiel, Germany, July 30-August, 2018, Proceedings (Russel Miller, Dirk Nowotka, Florin Manea, eds.), Springer, 2018. \
With L. van der Torre, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/33camera.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 ``The pragmatic oddity in a norm-based deontic logic". }}In G. Governatori (ed), 
\f2\i 16th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Law (ICAIL-2017), 
\f0\i0 London, UK - June 12 - 16, 2017, ACM Publications. \
With L. van der Torre, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/ifcolog-paper.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 ``Detachment in Normative Systems: Examples, inference Patterns, Properties" }}
\f2\i IfCoLog Journal of Logics and their Applications 
\f0\i0 , Special Issue ``Logic for Normative Multi-Agent Systems" (Gest editors: G. Pigozzi and L. van der Torre), 2017, Volume 4, Number 9, pp. 2996-3039. \
With C. Benzmuller and A. Farjami,``Implementation of Carmo and Jones' Dyadic Deontic Logic in Isabelle/HOL", 
\f2\i Workshop on Computational Aspects of Arguments and LogiC (CAALC 2017) 
\f0\i0 , Mathematical Institute, Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts, 2017. \
With A. Ambrossio and L. van der Torre, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Cumulative aggregation. }}In O. Roy, A. Tamminga and M. Willer (eds),
\f2\i  Deontic Logic and Normative Systems
\f0\i0 , 13th International Conference, DEON 2016, College Publications, UK, 2016, p. 1-15. \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/preprint-rsl.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Completeness of Aqvist's systems E and F}},
\f2\i  Review of Symbolic Logic
\f0\i0 , 2015, vol. 8, issue 1, pp. 164-177.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/jpl.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Maximality vs optimality in dyadic deontic logic - Completeness results for systems in Hansson's tradition}} 
\f2\i Journal of Philosophical Logic
\f0\i0 , 2014, vol 43, issue 6, pp. 1101-1128.\
With L. van der Torre. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/kr14.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Aggregative deontic detachment for normative reasoning}} (short paper). In 
\f2\i Proceedings of the 14th International Conference on Principles of Knowledge Representation and Reasoning (KR 2014)
\f0\i0 . AAAI Press, 2014. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/kr14poster.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Poster}}. \
With L. van der Torre. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/deon2014.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 ``Sing and Dance!''. Input/output logics without weakening}}. In F. Cariani et al. (eds). 
\f2\i Deontic Logic and Normative Systems
\f0\i0 , Proc. of 12th International Conference, DEON 2014,Lecture Notes in Computer Science Volume 8554, Springer, 2014, pp. 49-165. \
With D. Gabbay and L. van der Torre. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/macbook.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 An intuitionistic basis for input/output logic}}. In S. O. Hansson (ed), 
\f2\i David Makinson on Classical Methods for Non-Classical Problems
\f0\i0 , Springer, Series Oustanding Contributions to Logic, Vol. 3, 2014, pp. 263-286.\
With L. van der Torre. Input/output logics. In D. Gabbay, J. Horty, X. Parent, R. van der Meyden, L. van der Torre (eds), 
\f2\i Handbook of Deontic Logic
\f0\i0 , Volume 1, College Publications, UK, 2013, pp. 499-544 \
With L. van der Torre. Aggregative deontic detachment. Poster presentation at the USC Deontic Modality Workshop, Los Angeles, May 20-22, 2013. \
With J. Broersen, D. Gabbay, A. Herzig, E. Lorini, J.-J. Meyer and L. van der Torre, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/dl.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Deontic logic}}. In S. Ossowski (ed), 
\f2\i Agreement Technologies
\f0\i0 , 2013, Springer, Dordrecht Heidelberg, pp. 171-180. \
With J. Broersen, S. Cranefield, Y. Elrakaiby, D. M. Gabbay, D. Grossi, E. Lorini, L. van der Torre, L. Tummolini, P. Turrini, and F. Schwarzentruber,{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/nc.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3  Normative reasoning and consequence}}, 
\f2\i Normative Multi-Agent Systems
\f0\i0 , Dagstuhl Follow-Ups, 2013, pp. 33-70. \
With D. Gabbay, M. de Boer and M. Slavkovic. Two-dimensional Standard Deontic Logic,
\f2\i  Synthese
\f0\i0 , 2012, Volume 187, Issue 2, pp. 623-660 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/id.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Why be afraid of identity?}} In: A. Artikis, R. Craven, N. Kesim, B. Sadighi and Kostas Stathis (eds), 
\f2\i Logic Programs, Norms and Action: Essays in Honor of Marek J. Sergot on the Occasion of His 60th Birthday
\f0\i0 , 2012, Springer, LNCS, pp. 295-307. \
With P. Turini, L. van der Torre and S. Colombo Tosatto.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/games.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3  Contrary-to-duties in games}}. In: A. Artikis, R. Craven, N. Kesim, B. Sadighi and Kostas Stathis (eds), 
\f2\i Logic Programs, Norms and Action: Essays in Honor of Marek J. Sergot on the Occasion of His 60th Birthday
\f0\i0 , 2012, Springer, LNCS, pp. 329-348. \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/preprintmp.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Moral particularism in the light of deontic logic}}, 
\f2\i Artificial Intelligence and Law
\f0\i0 , August 2011, Volume 19, Issue 2-3, pp. 75-98. \uc0\u8232 Revised/extended version of the DEON'10 paper cited below. \
Moral particularism and deontic logic. In G. Governatori and G. Sartor (eds), 
\f2\i Proceedings of the 10th International Workshop on Deontic Logic (DEON'10)
\f0\i0 , Springer-Verlag, Berlin Heidelberg, 2010, pp. 84-96. \uc0\u8232 Honoured with the 
\f1\b best paper award
\f0\b0 . (Best to read the above revised version) \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/dsdl2-preprint.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 A complete axiom set for Hansson's deontic logic DSDL2}}, 
\f2\i Logic Journal of the IGPL
\f0\i0 , 2010, 18 (3), pp.422-429. \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/deon08.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 On the strong completeness of Aqvist's dyadic deontic logic G}}. In R. van der Meyden and L. van der Torre (eds), 
\f2\i Proceedings of the 9th International Workshop on Deontic Logic (DEON'08)
\f0\i0 , Springer-Verlag, Berlin Heidelberg, 2008, pp. 189-202. \
With A.J.I. Jones. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/arti08.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Normative-informational positions: A modal-logical approach}}, 
\f2\i Artificial Intelligence and Law
\f0\i0 , 16, 2008, pp. 7-23. \
With A.J.I. Jones. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/gdn-final.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 A convention-based approach to agent communication languages}}, 
\f2\i Group Decision and Negotiation
\f0\i0 , 16, 2007. \uc0\u8232 A revised and extended version of the AAMAS-03 paper cited below. \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/ks.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Review of: Coherent Systems}} by Karl Schlechta, 
\f2\i Logic Journal of the Interest Group in Pure and Applied Logic (IGPL),
\f0\i0  13, 2005, pp. 353-359. \
With F. Vraalsen, M. S. Lund, T. Mahler and K. Stolen. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/itrust05.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Specifying legal risk scenarios using the Coras threat modelling language}}. In P. Hessmann, V. Issarny and S. Shin (eds), 
\f2\i Trust Management, Proceedings of the 3nd International Conference on Trust Management, iTrust 2005
\f0\i0 , Paris, 23-26 May 2005, Springer Verlag, LNCS 3477, 2005, pp. 45-61. \
With A.J.I. Jones. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/paperspringer10oct.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Conventional signalling acts and conversation}}. Presented at the 
\f2\i AAMAS-03 Workshop on Agent Communication Languages and conversation policies
\f0\i0 , Melbourne, 14 July 2003. A revised version appeared in F. Dignum (ed), 
\f2\i Advances in Agent Communication
\f0\i0 , LNAI, Springer Verlag, 2004, pp. 1-17. \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/jancl03.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Remedial interchange, contrary-to-duty obligation and commutation}}, 
\f2\i Journal of Applied Non-Classical Logics
\f0\i0 , 13, 3/4, 2003, pp. 345-375. \uc0\u8232 A revised and extended version of the MFI'03 paper. \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/mfi03.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Remedial interchange}} (in French). In A. Herzig, B. Chaib-draa and P. Mathieu (eds), 
\f2\i Mod\'e8les Formels de l'Interaction (MFI'03) 
\f0\i0 , Toulouse, C\'e9padues-Edition, 2003, pp. 199-208. \
With P. Livet. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/arc.rtf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Argumentation, revision and conditionals}} (in French). In P. Livet (ed), 
\f2\i R\'e9vision des Croyances
\f0\i0 , Paris, Hermes Science Publication, 2002, pp. 229-258. \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/cit.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Cumulativity, identity and time in deontic logic}}, 
\f2\i Fundamenta Informaticae
\f0\i0 , 48, 2001, pp. 237-252. \
Defeasible conditional obligation: some remarks. In R. Demolombe and R. Hilpinen (eds) 
\f2\i Proceedings of the 5th International Workshop on Deontic Logic in Computer Science (DEON'00)
\f0\i0 , Toulouse (France), 20-22 January 2000, pp. 301-309. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 PhD dissertation\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Non-monotonic logic and modes of argumentation: the case of conditional obligation\uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/xavpar/Documents/site/xavierparent.co.uk/pdf/abs.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Abstract}} - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/pres.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Presentation}} - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/contents.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Contents}} - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/Th14oct.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Full text}} (written in French, for institutional reasons) \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 Teaching\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b Tutorial on Normative Reasoning
\f0\b0  at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ki2019.de/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 KI 2019}} (42nd German Conference on Artificial Intelligence) (23 Sep 2019, Kassle, DE) \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b Python
\f0\b0  (Fall 2019) \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/teach/python-syllabus2019.txt"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Syllabus}} \'a0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/teach/hd-python.zip"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Handouts}} \'a0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/teach/hw-python.zip"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Homeworks}} \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b Intelligent Agents 2 
\f0\b0 (Falls 2010 to 2018) \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/teach/ia2syllabus2018.txt"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Syllabus}}\uc0\u8232 News: this year, we also use an implementation in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://isabelle.in.tum.de/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Isabelle/HOL }}developped with C. Benzmuller and A. Steen at the Free University of Berlin. \uc0\u8232 Handouts : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/teach/handia2/sdl.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 MDL}} (Monadic Deontic Logic) - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/teach/handia2/dsdl.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 DDL}} (Dyadic Deontic Logic)- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/teach/handia2/iologic.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 IOL}} (Input/Output Logic)- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/teach/handia2/ciol.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 cIOL (Constrained Input/Output Logic)}} \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b Intelligent Agents 1 
\f0\b0 (Spring 2016)\uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/teach/ia1syllabus2016.txt"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Syllabus}}\uc0\u8232 Handouts (2016) : \u8232 Epistemic logic - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/teach/lecture7-handout.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Conditionals}} - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/teach/lecture8-handout.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Nonmonotonic logic}} - Belief revision \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b Introduction to AI
\f0\b0  (Spring 2009) \uc0\u8232 Topics covered : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/teach/planning.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 planning}} - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/teach/prolog.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 prolog}} - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/teach/learning.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 learning }}\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b Normative multi-agent systems
\f0\b0  \uc0\u8232 Tutorial for EASSS'09 \u8232 With Leon van der Torre and Guido Boella \u8232 Topic: dyadic deontic logic \u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://agents009.di.unito.it/easss_courses.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Course description}}\uc0\u8232 Slides : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/teach/epart1.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 part 1}} - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///pdf/teach/epart2.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 part 2}}. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://statcounter.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \strokec3 }}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}